assert: fix internal logic judgment (#27743)
nodejs/node: doc/api/assert.md

> Stability: 0 - Deprecated: Use `assert.fail([message])` or other assert
> functions instead.

If just the two `actual` and `expected` arguments are provided, `operator` will
default to `'!='`. If `message` is provided as third argument it will be used
as the error message and the other arguments will be stored as properties on
the thrown object. If `stackStartFn` is provided, all stack frames above that
function will be removed from stacktrace (see [`Error.captureStackTrace`]).
If no arguments are given, the default message `Failed` will be used.

If `message` is provided but falsy, and no other optional arguments are
specified, the error message is set as the values of `actual` and `expected`

> separated by the provided `operator`(`'fail'`).

Reviewer: I suggest to change this to the following (I tried to be very precise about the actual expected behavior):

```
If `message` is falsy, the error message is set as the values of `actual` and
`expected` separated by the provided `operator`. If `operator` is falsy and no
message is set, it'll default to `'!='`. If `message` is truthy the `operator`
will default to `'fail'` and `message` will be used as error message. Other
arguments will be stored as properties on the thrown object. If `stackStartFn`
is provided, all stack frames above that function will be removed from
stacktrace (see [`Error.captureStackTrace`]).
```

Author: Very precise and concise.

> Stability: 0 - Deprecated: Use `assert.fail([message])` or other assert
> functions instead.

If just the two `actual` and `expected` arguments are provided, `operator` will
default to `'!='`. If `message` is provided as third argument it will be used
as the error message and the other arguments will be stored as properties on
the thrown object. If `stackStartFn` is provided, all stack frames above that
function will be removed from stacktrace (see [`Error.captureStackTrace`]).
If no arguments are given, the default message `Failed` will be used.

> If `message` is falsy and just the three arguments provided, the

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure it will be clear to readers what is meant by "just the three arguments"?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If `message` is provided but falsy, and no other optional arguments are specified, the
```

> functions instead.

If `message` is falsy, the error message is set as the values of `actual` and
`expected` separated by the provided `operator`. If `operator` is falsy and no

> message is set, it'll default to `'!='`. If `message` is truthy the `operator`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
message is set, it will default to `'!='`. If `message` is truthy, the `operator`
```

> will default to `'fail'` and `message` will be used as error message. Other

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
will default to `'fail'` and `message` will be used for the error message. Other
```

> will default to `'fail'` and `message` will be used as error message. Other

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
will default to `'fail'` and `message` will be used for the error message. Other
```

arguments will be stored as properties on the thrown object. If `stackStartFn`
is provided, all stack frames above that function will be removed from

> stacktrace (see [`Error.captureStackTrace`]).

Reviewer 2: I think we usually use this format?

```suggestion
stacktrace (see [`Error.captureStackTrace`][]).
```

> stacktrace (see [`Error.captureStackTrace`][]).

Reviewer: I suggest to change the `operator` description above to explain when it's set to `'fail'` and when to `'!='`.

I would also move the `stackStartFn` description to the part above. That way the total description below concentrates on the general behavior instead of describing each individual option setting.

Right now we also miss to document that `assert.fail(1, 2, new Error()` throws the passed through error. That could be described in the `message` property above.
